# An Analysis of Kickstarter Campaigns
## In this project there is a review of Kickstarter campaigns, trends in goals versus pledges versus outcomes are reviewed.  At the conclusion of this analysis, there are recommendations for Louise regarding her plans to raise $12,000 for her play.
### Images saved:
* Outcomes Based on Launch Date- this image is saved to inform the viewer of how each parent category campaigns performed based on launch date.  It's clear viewing this line graph, specific to the theatre category that there are a great deal of successful theatre campaigns.  There is a greater likelihood of successful theatre campaigns in the months of May-July.  To note, there are very few cancelled theatre campaigns.  The range of cancelled campaigns is 0,7 with a cancelled campaign mode of 3.
* Parent Category Outcomes- With an average Kickstarter goal and pledged amount for successful U.S. plays sitting around $5,000, it is recommended that Louise set the Kickstarter goal no higher than $5,000.  Unsuccessful Kickstarter campaigns for plays in the U.S. tended to have higher goals (averaging around $10,000) and had very low pledges, if any (median pledged $103).
* Subcategory Statistics- Kickstarter campaigns for plays are more successful than any other campaign type in Kickstarter.  It is recommended that Kickstarter be one of her fundraising strategies however it is also recommended that Louise identify other funding methods to reach her ultimate goal of $12,000 
### The average number of backers on the play subcategory is 112 people.  We recommend Louise work hard at marketing her play and reaching out to individuals within the arts community.  The average donation from each backer is about $80.  We recommend that Louise focus on mid-level income individuals that have disposable income of around that amount.  Again, marketing in the appropriate arenas is crucial to her reaching her goals.
---
### Challenge
* Spreadsheet saved as Challenge 1.  (Note to grader: I created a new spreadsheet with the necessary data saved in seperate worksheets within the Challenge 1 spreadhseet.  I didn't realize this was supposed to be the same document until I completed both the module work and the challenge assignment.)
### Images Saved and Respective Analysis
* Theatre Outcomes Based on Launch Date- (saved as Theatre Outcomes_ Launch Date.png) This image is saved to inform the viewer of how theatre parent category campaigns performed based on launch date.  It's clear viewing this line graph that there are a great deal of successful theatre campaigns.  There is a greater likelihood of successful theatre campaigns in the months of May-July.  To note, there are very few cancelled theatre campaigns.  The range of cancelled campaigns is 0,7 with a cancelled campaign mode of 3.
* Percentage of Play Kickstarter Campaign Outcomes Based on Goal Ranges - (saved as Percentage_goals_Outcomes Line.png) This chart informs the viewer of the percentage of successful, canceled, failed campaigns based on subcategory play Kickstarter campaigns.  With an average Kickstarter goal for successful U.S. plays sitting around $5,000, it is recommended that Louise set her Kickstarter goal no higher than $5,000.  Unsuccessful Kickstarter campaigns for plays in the U.S. tended to have higher goals (averaging around $10,000) and had very low pledges, if any (median pledged $103).  It is encouraging to note that there are zero canceled campaigns for the subcategory play.   
